 For example, I will give over here. Let's say SDE 3 underscore resume underscore 2023 That's it This is how you are going to write your resume name the profile for which you are targeting Targeted profile not your current profile. Okay name resume here. That's it Because sometimes they see the resume by name sometimes by here and sometimes by profile and sometimes just by the keyword resume So by all the words it should be able to come in search that's it Post this just try to reduce the margins And I'm trying to keep the margins very low if you guys are worried about how this will make the entire page full Don't be worried about this because there are a lot of things we are going to enter Now can anyone tell me when we are about to build a resume or let's say when we are about to submit a resume Sometimes make sure that certain checks are done so that the resume gets passed by the bots and all what are those checks? Making sure the keywords of the job rule I mentioned yes Apart from that Like it's the first portion should be the most important part and the last section should be the least important not the least important but in overall resume should be visible Yes, okay, that is one thing apart from that anything that we should not do in our resume This should not be any spelling mistake Yes, not one page Not more than one page yes No, yes, various font styles you should not have multiple font styles that is very close relevant on job description which are targeted Yes, keep it relevant to job description. So you guys are to the point honestly saying you guys are to the point. Okay, some okay now Josh is right writing that it should be a T. S. Friendly now when it comes to a T. S. and all these softwares a lot of people have misconceptions about this and this might deceive you into wrong things Okay, for example, there should not be any tables in the resume as per the ATS standards but honestly my resumes are full of tables it can't be made without creating a table and Even my resume it has got shot gotten you know shortlisted for Amazon Google Microsoft JP Morgan Flipkart You just name the company and it is over there. So it's not like you know, you can put in tables or it has to be something friendly Okay, most of the things we can put in over there. Okay, like How many of you guys already have got your resumes? Resurrence quick That's nice that's nice that's nice so many of you